[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com/

[o:openmrs:p:OpenMRS:r:haiti-core-module]
source_file = api/src/main/resources/messages.properties
source_lang = en
type        = UNICODEPROPERTIES
trans.de    = api/src/main/resources/messages_de.properties
trans.hy    = api/src/main/resources/messages_hy.properties
trans.it    = api/src/main/resources/messages_it.properties
trans.ku    = api/src/main/resources/messages_ku.properties
trans.ar    = api/src/main/resources/messages_ar.properties
trans.fa    = api/src/main/resources/messages_fa.properties
trans.pt    = api/src/main/resources/messages_pt.properties
trans.sw    = api/src/main/resources/messages_sw.properties
trans.es    = api/src/main/resources/messages_es.properties
trans.ht    = api/src/main/resources/messages_ht.properties
trans.lt    = api/src/main/resources/messages_lt.properties
trans.pl    = api/src/main/resources/messages_pl.properties
trans.ru    = api/src/main/resources/messages_ru.properties
trans.te    = api/src/main/resources/messages_te.properties
trans.fr    = api/src/main/resources/messages_fr.properties
trans.hi    = api/src/main/resources/messages_hi.properties
trans.id_ID = api/src/main/resources/messages_id_ID.properties
trans.si    = api/src/main/resources/messages_si.properties
trans.el    = api/src/main/resources/messages_el.properties
file_filter = api/src/main/resources/messages_<lang>.properties
type = UNICODEPROPERTIES

